dev: improve python-run-tests execution (#756)
reanahub/reana: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

Version 0.9.2 (UNRELEASED)
--------------------------

- Developers:

>     - Changes `python-run-tests` command to allow execution of selected pytests only by passing over `PYTESTARG` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Changes `python-run-tests` command to allow execution of selected pytests only by passing over `PYTEST_ADDOPTS` environment variable.
```
